pueue-*: add page (#5285)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/pueue-restart.md

# pueue restart

> Restart tasks.

- Restart a specific task:

> `pueue restart {{task ID}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`pueue restart {{task_id}}`
```

- Restart multiple tasks at once, and start them immediately (do not enqueue):

> `pueue restart --start-immediately {{first task ID}} {{second task ID}} ...`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`pueue restart --start-immediately {{task_id}} {{task_id}}`
```

- Restart a specific task from a different path:

> `pueue restart -p {{task ID}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`pueue restart --edit-path {{task_id}}`
```

- Edit a command before restarting:

> `pueue restart -e {{task ID}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`pueue restart --edit {{task_id}}`
```

> - Restart a task [i]n-place (without enqueuing as a separate task):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Restart a task in-place (without enqueuing as a separate task):
```

> `pueue restart -i {{task ID}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`pueue restart --in-place {{task_id}}`
```

> - Restart [a]ll failed tasks and [s]tash them:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Restart all failed tasks and stash them:
```

> `pueue restart -as`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`pueue restart --all-failed --stashed`
```
